remote.http: new component (#2495)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/components/remote.http.md

---
aliases:
- /docs/agent/latest/flow/reference/components/remote.http
title: remote.http
---

# remote.http

`remote.http` exposes the response body of a URL to other components. The URL
is polled for changes so that the most recent content is always available.

The most common use of `remote.http` is to load discovery targets from an HTTP
server.

Multiple `remote.http` components can be specified by giving them different
labels.

## Usage

```river
remote.http "LABEL" {
  url = "URL_TO_POLL"
}
```

## Arguments

The following arguments are supported:

Name | Type | Description | Default | Required
---- | ---- | ----------- | ------- | --------
`url` | `string` | URL to poll. | | yes
`poll_frequency` | `duration` | Frequency to poll the URL. | `"1m"` | no
`poll_timeout` | `duration` | Timeout when polling the URL. | `"10s"` | no
`is_secret` | `bool` | Whether the response body should be treated as a secret. | false | no

When `remote.http` performs a poll operation, an HTTP `GET` request is made
against the URL specified by the `url` argument. A poll is triggered by the
following:

* When the component first loads.

> * Every time the components arguments get re-evaluated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Every time the component's arguments get re-evaluated.
```

[client]: #client-block
[basic_auth]: #basic_auth-block
[authorization]: #authorization-block
[oauth2]: #oauth2-block
[tls_config]: #tls_config-block

### client block

The `client` block configures settings used to connect to the HTTP
server.

{{< docs/shared lookup="flow/reference/components/http-client-config-block.md" source="agent" >}}

### basic_auth block

The `basic_auth` block configures basic authentication to use when polling the
configured URL.

{{< docs/shared lookup="flow/reference/components/basic-auth-block.md" source="agent" >}}

### authorization block

The `authorization` block configures custom authorization to use when polling
the configured URL.

{{< docs/shared lookup="flow/reference/components/authorization-block.md" source="agent" >}}

### oauth2 block

The `oauth2` block configures OAuth2 authorization to use when polling the
configured URL.

{{< docs/shared lookup="flow/reference/components/oauth2-block.md" source="agent" >}}

### tls_config block

The `tls_config` block configures TLS settings for connecting to HTTPS servers.

{{< docs/shared lookup="flow/reference/components/tls-config-block.md" source="agent" >}}

## Exported fields

> The following fields are exported and can be referenced by other components:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following field is exported and can be referenced by other components:
```

Name | Type | Description | Default | Required
---- | ---- | ----------- | ------- | --------
`content` | `string` or `secret` | The contents of the file. | | no

> If the `is_secret` argument was `true`, `content` is a secret type.

Reviewer: Where is this `is-secret` argument of which you speak?  Oh, is this supposed to be just `secret`?

Author: It's the last argument in the arguments block :)
